Add build tools features to release note (#8882)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/swan-lake-2201.9.0/RELEASE_NOTE.md

#### Language Server

#### Test Framework

> - The test framework now supports for parallel execution of tests as an experimental feature. To activate the parallel test execution, simply use the `--parallel` flag with the `bal test` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The test framework now supports the parallel execution of tests as an experimental feature. To activate the parallel test execution, simply use the `--parallel` flag with the `bal test` command.
```

Reviewer 2: Don't we need to mention it as an experimental feature? https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website/blob/750cbc1f5e6ae3537754e7b48d4a12a0c7a67021/downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/swan-lake-2201.4.0/RELEASE_NOTE.md?plain=1#L186

> - The test framework now supports for parallel execution of tests as an experimental feature. To activate the parallel test execution, simply use the `--parallel` flag with the `bal test` command.

Reviewer 2: Don't we need to mention it as an experimental feature? https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website/blob/750cbc1f5e6ae3537754e7b48d4a12a0c7a67021/downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/swan-lake-2201.4.0/RELEASE_NOTE.md?plain=1#L186

Author: We have included that it is experimental.

    ```ballerina
    bal test --parallel
    ```

> - APIs for mocking object resources is introduced. With these, an object resource can be stubbed to behave in a certain way, previously limited to test double. 

Reviewer 3: Should we specifically mention resource functions in client objects?

Reviewer 2: IMO, Mentioning "resource functions in the client objects" looks good. Shall we modify the example as follows? 
`main.bal`
```ballerina
public type Employee record {|
    readonly string id;
    string firstName;
    string lastName;
    string gender;
|};
EmpClient empClient = new ();
public client class EmpClient {
    map<Employee> employees;
    function init() {
        self.employees = {};
    }
    resource function get employee/[string id]() returns Employee? {
        return self.employees[id];
    }
}
```

`main_test.bal`
```ballerina
// Stubbing to return a specific value on a specific path parameter and method arguments
test:prepare(empClient)
    .whenResource("employee/welcome/:id")
    .onMethod("get")
    .withPathParameters({id: ""})
    .withArguments("", "").
    thenReturn("Stub_4");
```

- [Language server](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang/issues?q=is%3Aissue+label%3ATeam%2FLanguageServer+milestone%3A2201.9.0+is%3Aclosed+label%3AType%2FBug+)
- [OpenAPI](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/openapi-tools/issues?q=is%3Aissue+label%3AType%2FBug+milestone%3A%22Swan+Lake+2201.9.0%22+is%3Aclosed)
- [Test Framework](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang/issues?q=is%3Aissue+label%3AType%2FBug+is%3Aclosed+label%3AArea%2FTestFramework+milestone%3A2201.9.0)

## Ballerina packages updates

### New features

> - Build tools can now be seamlessly integrated into the package build. This enhancement allows authors of tools managed by the bal tool command to expand the tool functionality, supporting direct integration into the package build. With Update 9, platform-provided tools now include automation capabilities for generating OpenAPI and gRPC clients directly within the package build by specifying these tools in the `Ballerina.toml` file. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Build tools can now be seamlessly integrated into the package build. This enhancement allows authors of tools managed by the `bal tool` command to expand the tool functionality, supporting direct integration into the package build. With Update 9, platform-provided tools include automation capabilities for generating OpenAPI and gRPC clients directly within the package build by specifying these tools in the `Ballerina.toml` file. 
```

$= future<int> result = start name();
```

#### Test Framework

> - The test framework now supports the parallel execution of tests as an experimental feature. To activate the parallel test execution, simply use the `--parallel` flag with the `bal test` command.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- The test framework now supports the parallel execution of tests as an experimental feature. To enable parallel test execution, simply use the `--parallel` flag with the `bal test` command.
```

>     ```ballerina

Reviewer 4: ````suggestion
    ```bash
````

>     bal test --parallel

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
    $ bal test --parallel
```

    ```

- APIs for mocking client resources is introduced. With these, a client resource can be stubbed to behave in a certain way, previously limited to test double. 

    ```ballerina
    // Sample HTTP Client call

    http:Client jokes = check new ("https://api.chucknorris.io/jokes/");
    json joke = check jokes->/random;

    // Stub to return a specific value
    jokes = test:mock(http:Client);
    test:prepare(jokes)
        .whenResource("::path")

>         .withPathParameters({path: ["random"]})

Author: Can you elaborate on this?  We can have scenarios like below
```ballerina
test:prepare(clientEndpoint).whenResource("greeting/hello2/:name/:town")
    .withPathParameters({town: "London", name: "John"})
    .withArguments("bar", "str").onMethod("post").thenReturn("Hello, John");
```

>         .withPathParameters({path: ["random"]})

Reviewer 3: Adding to what Asma has mentioned,
In the example in the release note `path` is just a placeholder. It works the same for any string placeholder.

>         .withPathParameters({path: ["random"]})

Reviewer 4: Sorry, what I meant to say was one rest param (therefore, only one with :: syntax). But since values are provided with `withPathParameters` which applies to both rest and non-rest stuff, I guess we need the name.

$= future<int> result = start name();
```

#### Test Framework

- The test framework now supports the parallel execution of tests as an experimental feature. To enable parallel test execution, simply use the `--parallel` flag with the `bal test` command.

    ```bash
    $ bal test --parallel
    ```

- APIs for mocking client resource methods is introduced. With these, a client resource can be stubbed to behave in a certain way. Previously, test doubles had to be used to mock client resource methods. 

    ```ballerina
    // Sample HTTP Client call

    http:Client jokes = check new ("https://api.chucknorris.io/jokes/");
    json joke = check jokes->/random;

> 

Reviewer 4: Shall we split this up as two snippets?

- [Language server](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang/issues?q=is%3Aissue+label%3ATeam%2FLanguageServer+milestone%3A2201.9.0+is%3Aclosed+label%3AType%2FBug+)
- [OpenAPI](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-library/issues?q=is%3Aissue+milestone%3A2201.9.0+label%3Amodule%2Fopenapi-tools+label%3AType%2FBug+is%3Aclosed)
- [Test Framework](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang/issues?q=is%3Aissue+label%3AType%2FBug+is%3Aclosed+label%3AArea%2FTestFramework+milestone%3A2201.9.0)

## Ballerina packages updates

### New features

> - Build tools can now be seamlessly integrated into the package build. This enhancement allows authors of tools managed by the `bal tool` command to expand the tool functionality, supporting direct integration into the package build. With Update 9, platform-provided tools include automation capabilities for generating OpenAPI and Persist clients directly within the package build by specifying these tools in the `Ballerina.toml` file. 

Reviewer 4: I'm not sure if the last sentence is clear. Do we mean to say

```suggestion
- Build tools can now be seamlessly integrated into the package build. This enhancement allows authors of tools managed by the `bal tool` command to expand the tool functionality, supporting direct integration into the package build. With Update 9, platform-provided tools such as the OpenAPI and Persist tools include automation capabilities for generating clients during package build itself by specifying these tools in the `Ballerina.toml` file. 
```

    ```toml
    [[tool.openapi]]
    id = "generate-delivery-client"
    filePath = "delivery.yml"
    options.mode = "client"

>     ```

Reviewer 4: ````suggestion
    ```

````

- [Language server](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang/issues?q=is%3Aissue+label%3ATeam%2FLanguageServer+milestone%3A2201.9.0+is%3Aclosed+label%3AType%2FBug+)
- [OpenAPI](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-library/issues?q=is%3Aissue+milestone%3A2201.9.0+label%3Amodule%2Fopenapi-tools+label%3AType%2FBug+is%3Aclosed)
- [Test Framework](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang/issues?q=is%3Aissue+label%3AType%2FBug+is%3Aclosed+label%3AArea%2FTestFramework+milestone%3A2201.9.0)

## Ballerina packages updates

### New features

> - Build tools can now be seamlessly integrated into the package build. This enhancement allows authors of tools managed by the `bal tool` command to expand the tool functionality, supporting direct integration into the package build. With Update 9, platform-provided tools  such as the OpenAPI and Persist tools include automation capabilities for generating clients during package build itself by specifying these tools in the `Ballerina.toml` file. 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- Build tools can now be seamlessly integrated into the package build. This enhancement allows authors of tools managed by the `bal tool` command to expand the tool functionality, supporting direct integration into the package build. With Update 9, platform-provided tools such as the OpenAPI and Persist tools include automation capabilities for generating clients during the package build itself by specifying these tools in the `Ballerina.toml` file. 
```
